Hi Ian, Hope you are well, I just wanted to get back to you on some updates. Over the past months I have been struggling a lot financially, and I have been not actively following up while I was frantically working many hours to make ends meet. The case has been shown as closed now on the portal. I was visiting it today after a key reference who also knew about my situation with the case (Theodore Kee) reminded me to look deeper into it. First question: Would you be able to help me reopen the case? Second question: Can provide some additional details please? Sincerely, Homen Shum On Thu, Jul 17, 2025 at 12:22 PM IAN STEELE &lt; IAN.STEELE@eeoc.gov &gt; wrote: Dear Mr. Homen Shum, Thank you for taking the time to speak with me on Tuesday. This e-mail is being sent to you to confirm that on July 15, 2025, you and I completed an intake interview regarding your allegations of employment discrimination. Following this interview, I gave you my best impressions of your case according to my understanding of the law. After receiving this information, you informed me that you wished to complete the filing process with our agency. I am happy to assist you with this process. Please be advised that I have prepared a draft narrative of your EEOC Charge of Discrimination and submitted it to you for your review. You are invited to return to the EEOC Public Portal ( https://publicportal.eeoc.gov/ ), where you will be prompted to log in. You will then be able to review the narrative that I have prepared and to submit recommended edits, if any. Please review it closely. If it requires amendments and/or small edits, please feel free to make them using the Public Portal. For more substantial changes, I request that you please reply to this e-mail. Once the tense and formatting of the charge narrative meets your approval, you will be prompted to affirmatively e-Sign it. You are advised that the EEOC requests that you return a signed charge within seven (7) calendar days. If no signed charge is received within that time frame, your inquiry will be closed, and the EEOC will take no additional action to review and/or investigate your allegations. You are further advised that the employer will not be put on notice of your claims until you return a signed charge. Once the EEOC receives a signed charge from you, your charge will be submitted for service on the Respondent, and it will be transferred out of my inventory. I request your patience while complete service of your charge is pending. Once your charge is fully served, you will be notified via the e-mail address that we have on file. In the event that you do not hear from us within ten days, please check your spam folder. For future status updates, please proceed to: https://publicportal.eeoc.gov/portal/EEOC/CheckChargeStatusIMS.aspx . Please let me know what questions you have at this time, if any. Best regards, Ian E. Steele Investigator, San Francisco District Office U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (650) 684-0924 Ian.Steele@eeoc.gov Please access the EEOC’s Online System at https://publicportal.eeoc.gov/ to check the status of your charge and/or identify the assigned EEOC staff member who you can contact with any further questions you may have about your charge or EEOC processes. CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE This communication is official government business and is intended for the sole use of the person(s) to whom it is addressed and may contain information that is privileged, confidential, and, or exempt from disclosure. Any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication by anyone other than the intended recipient, or the person responsible for its delivery, is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please call this office immediately and either destroy the communication or return it to the above address.